---
title: "TN064: ActiveX 컨트롤의 아파트 모델 스레딩 | Microsoft Docs"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "11/04/2016"
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.suite: ""
ms.technology: 
  - "devlang-cpp"
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ""
ms.topic: "article"
f1_keywords: 
  - "vc.controls.activex"
dev_langs: 
  - "C++"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "아파트 모델 스레딩"
  - "컨테이너[C++], 다중 스레드"
  - "다중 스레드 컨테이너"
  - "OLE 컨트롤, 컨테이너 지원"
  - "TN064"
ms.assetid: b2ab4c88-6954-48e2-9a74-01d4a60df073
caps.latest.revision: 9
author: "mikeblome"
ms.author: "mblome"
manager: "ghogen"
caps.handback.revision: 5
---
# TN064: ActiveX 컨트롤의 아파트 모델 스레딩
[!INCLUDE[vs2017banner](../assembler/inline/includes/vs2017banner.md)]

> [!NOTE]
>  다음 기술 노트는 온라인 설명서에 먼저 포함되어 있었으므로 업데이트되지 않았습니다.  따라서 일부 절차 및 항목은 만료되거나 올바르지 않을 수 있습니다.  최신 정보를 보려면 온라인 설명서 색인에서 관심 있는 항목을 검색하는 것이 좋습니다.  
  
 This technical note explains how to enable apartment\-model threading in an ActiveX control.  Note that apartment\-model threading is only supported in Visual C\+\+ versions 4.2 or later.  
  
## What Is Apartment\-Model Threading?  
 The apartment model is an approach to supporting embedded objects, such as ActiveX controls, within a multithreaded container application.  Although the application may have multiple threads, each instance of an embedded object will be assigned to one "apartment," which will execute on only one thread.  In other words, all calls into an instance of a control will happen on the same thread.  
  
 However, different instances of the same type of control may be assigned to different apartments.  So, if multiple instances of a control share any data in common \(for example, static or global data\), then access to this shared data will need to be protected by a synchronization object, such as a critical section.  
  
 For complete details on the apartment threading model, please see [Processes and Threads](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/ms684841) in the *OLE Programmer's Reference*.  
  
## Why Support Apartment\-Model Threading?  
 Controls that support apartment\-model threading can be used in multithreaded container applications that also support the apartment model.  If you do not enable apartment\-model threading, you will limit the potential set of containers in which your control could be used.  
  
 Enabling apartment\-model threading is easy for most controls, particularly if they have little or no shared data.  
  
## Protecting Shared Data  
 If your control uses shared data, such as a static member variable, access to that data should be protected with a critical section to prevent more than one thread from modifying the data at the same time.  To set up a critical section for this purpose, declare a static member variable of class `CCriticalSection` in your control's class.  Use the `Lock` and **Unlock** member functions of this critical section object wherever your code accesses the shared data.  
  
 Consider, for example, a control class that needs to maintain a string that is shared by all instances.  This string can be maintained in a static member variable and protected by a critical section.  The control's class declaration would contain the following:  
  
```  
class CSampleCtrl : public COleControl  
{  
    ...  
    static CString _strShared;  
    static CCriticalSection _critSect;  
};  
```  
  
 The implementation for the class would include definitions for these variables:  
  
```  
int CString CSampleCtrl::_strShared;  
CCriticalSection CSampleCtrl::_critSect;  
```  
  
 Access to the `_strShared` static member can then be protected by the critical section:  
  
```  
void CSampleCtrl::SomeMethod()  
{  
    _critSect.Lock();  
    if (_strShared.Empty())  
        _strShared = "<text>";  
    _critSect.Unlock();  
    ...  
}  
```  
  
## Registering an Apartment\-Model\-Aware Control  
 Controls that support apartment\-model threading should indicate this capability in the registry, by adding the named value "ThreadingModel" with a value of "Apartment" in their class ID registry entry under the *class id*\\**InprocServer32** key.  To cause this key to be automatically registered for your control, pass the `afxRegApartmentThreading` flag in the sixth parameter to `AfxOleRegisterControlClass`:  
  
```  
BOOL CSampleCtrl::CSampleCtrlFactory::UpdateRegistry(BOOL bRegister)  
{  
    if (bRegister)  
        return AfxOleRegisterControlClass(  
            AfxGetInstanceHandle(),  
            m_clsid,  
            m_lpszProgID,  
            IDS_SAMPLE,  
            IDB_SAMPLE,  
            afxRegApartmentThreading,  
            _dwSampleOleMisc,  
            _tlid,  
            _wVerMajor,  
            _wVerMinor);  
    else  
        return AfxOleUnregisterClass(m_clsid, m_lpszProgID);  
}  
```  
  
 If your control project was generated by ControlWizard in Visual C\+\+ version 4.1 or later, this flag will already be present in your code.  No changes are necessary to register the threading model.  
  
 If your project was generated by an earlier version of ControlWizard, your existing code will have a Boolean value as the sixth parameter.  If the existing parameter is TRUE, change it to `afxRegInsertable | afxRegApartmentThreading`.  If the existing parameter is FALSE, change it to `afxRegApartmentThreading`.  
  
 If your control does not follow the rules for apartment\-model threading, you must not pass `afxRegApartmentThreading` in this parameter.  
  
## 참고 항목  
 [번호별 기술 참고 사항](../mfc/technical-notes-by-number.md)   
 [범주별 기술 참고 사항](../mfc/technical-notes-by-category.md)